README.md, before:

# Financial Manager

## Name
Financial Manager

## Author
Artemiy Shipovalov. UK MFF, 2024

## Description
This is a simple financial manager. It can help you to manage your money.

## Functionality
- Manage income and expenses
- Use multiple currencies
- Use different cash facilities (cash, bank card, etc.)
- Split transactions into categories
- Analyze income and expenses
- Convert money

## Usage
Launch .exe file.

### Setup a DB connection
First you need to open or create a database (further: DB).

**Warning**: You should use **only** DBs created in this app! Otherwise, the correct operation of the application is **not** guaranteed!

#### Create a new DB
If you want to create a new DB, open file menu (in the menu strip), find the button "Create DB" and press on it (or use a shortcut *Ctrl+N*). Then choose a folder where to store your DB, choose a name for it and finally press "Save". If everything is ok, you'll see a successful message. But then you'll immediately see an error message: about it later.

Commit message:

Add Open an existing DB

README.md, after:

# Financial Manager

## Name
Financial Manager

## Author
Artemiy Shipovalov. UK MFF, 2024

## Description
This is a simple financial manager. It can help you to manage your money.

## Functionality
- Manage income and expenses
- Use multiple currencies
- Use different cash facilities (cash, bank card, etc.)
- Split transactions into categories
- Analyze income and expenses
- Convert money

## Usage
Launch .exe file.

### Setup a DB connection
First you need to open or create a database (further: DB).

**Warning**: You should use **only** DBs created in this app! Otherwise, the correct operation of the application is **not** guaranteed!

#### Create a new DB
If you want to create a new DB, open file menu (in the menu strip), find the button "Create DB" and press on it (or use a shortcut *Ctrl+N*). Then choose a folder where to store your DB, choose a name for it and finally press "Save". If everything is ok, you'll see a successful message. But then you'll immediately see a "Main Currency" error: about it later.

#### Open an existing DB
If you want to open an existing DB, open file menu (in the menu strip), find the button "Open DB" and press on it (or use a shortcut *Ctrl+O*). Then choose a DB file and press "Open". If everything is ok, you'll see a successful message. It's possible, that you'll immediately see a "Main Currency" error: about it later.
